tool_utl Ver 0.0.3
--

■ Introduction
This is a plug-in tool that extends the functionality of CLCL.

■ Install
This tool works with CLCL Ver 2.0.0 or later.

Place tool_utl.dll in an appropriate directory, open the CLCL options screen, and select "Tools".
tab. So, press the add button and specify tool_utl.dll to add it.
You can choose which tools to use.
Open the "Tools" tab in the options and drag and drop tool_utl.dll there.
You can register multiple tools at once.

If you want to upgrade, please close CLCL and overwrite tool_utl.dll.
If you want to uninstall, remove the tool from CLCL and then remove tool_utl.dll.

If tool_utl.dll is not found when installing, it may be DLLs is set to not be displayed.
In Explorer's folder options, select "All
Set it to "Show files and folders."

■ Functions
・Clear history
	Delete all history items.

・Clear clipboard
	Clears the contents of the clipboard.

・Make a sound
	Play a sound when an item is added to the history.

	If the "When data is added to history" option is enabled in the CLCL tool settings,
	a sound will be played when data is added to the history.
	You can select the sound to play by pressing the property button in CLCL's tool settings.

・Display on top
・Cancel display on top
	Sets or removes the viewer from the front.

	When "Viewer menu" is enabled in CLCL's tool settings, the CLCL viewer menu
	Set or cancel the viewer on top from the Tools menu.
	When the "When viewer opens" option is enabled in CLCL's tool settings, CLCL
	Sets the viewer to the front when you open it.

・Save multiple items
	Save multiple items to a file with a name.

	Use the CLCL viewer to display history and registered items in a list (right pane), and view multiple accounts.
	Select the item to select this tool.
	When you run the tool, select the output destination and set the save information.
	In the save information, set the format and file name. The format combo box does not contain
	It contains all formats of items to be saved, so select the format to save from among them.
	Select.
	File names can be numbered by specifying %d.

--
The author is not responsible for any problems caused by this program.
We strongly recommend that you back up important files.

Please send any bugs, requests, or questions to nakka@nakka.com.

Copyright (C) 1996-2015 by Ohno Tomoaki. All rights reserved.
	http://www.nakka.com/

2015/09/05
